# Deep Learning Forecasting Model for Electric Vehicles Market Demand
The increasing demand for electric vehicles (EVs) necessitates accurate forecasting to guide stra-tegic decisions for manufacturers, policymakers, investors, and infrastructure developers. As EV adoption accelerates due to environmental concerns and technological advancements, under-standing and predicting this demand becomes crucial. In light of these considerations, this study introduces an innovative methodology for forecasting EV demand. This model called as EVs-PredNet is developed using deep learning methods such as LSTM (Long Short Term Memory) and CNN (Convolutional Neural Networks). The model comprises convolutional, activation function, max pooling, LSTM, and Dense layers. Experimental research has investigated four dis-tinct categories of electric vehicles: battery electric vehicles (BEV), hybrid electric vehicles (HEV), plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEV), and all electric vehicles (ALL). After conducting exper-imental examinations, performance measures were computed to assess the model's predictive capability for electric car demands. The experimental findings demonstrate the efficacy of the suggested approach in forecasting the electric vehicles' demand. This model is considered to have significant potential for applications in assessing the adoption and demand of electric vehicles. This study intends to enhance the reliability of forecasting future demands in the electric car market and develop relevant approaches.
